readme.md, before:

# koishi-plugin-toutai

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/koishi-plugin-toutai?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/koishi-plugin-toutai)

## 简介

Koishi 的投胎模拟器插件。投胎到中国或世界各地。

## 使用

1. 启动 `puppeteer` 服务。
2. 设置指令别名。

## 测试图（部分功能）

<details>
<summary>点击这里展开/折叠内容</summary>

### 投胎中国

![db0f4138bfd833c11fdd32f49ad98b32](https://github.com/araea/koishi-plugin-toutai/assets/120614554/d0d00886-cfb6-405c-87e0-b759053d0079)

### 投胎世界

![cfef361e06a5a296f0d8bb5ecc5b6dd4](https://github.com/araea/koishi-plugin-toutai/assets/120614554/f6af7b92-237e-4a14-a80b-3f2e9efe6b76)

### 性别分布

![46ea7c879a8fa3501e8fc9e4cb817fac](https://github.com/araea/koishi-plugin-toutai/assets/120614554/eace5521-f498-4e58-b4ef-01583b1c076b)

### 地区分布

![20bd046909b1e36ed9f0a837f5ed4e43](https://github.com/araea/koishi-plugin-toutai/assets/120614554/cef83aee-c322-473c-a5fd-574668cb9383)

### ...

</details>

## 致谢

* [ilHarp](https://forum.koishi.xyz/u/ilharp/summary)
* [Koishi](https://koishi.chat/)
* [求插件](https://forum.koishi.xyz/t/topic/7415)
* [中国投胎模拟器](https://toutai.cc/)
* [世界投胎模拟器](https://uahh.site/reborn)

## QQ 群

- 956758505

## License

MIT License © 2024

Commit message:

Add dual licensing and update dependencies
- Add Apache-2.0 license alongside existing MIT license
- Update Koishi peer dependency to ^4.18.9
- Improve README with better badges and license information
- Refactor code formatting and remove commented code
- Update package.json to reflect dual licensing

readme.md, after:

# koishi-plugin-toutai

[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-araea/toutai-8da0cb?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=555555&logo=github)](https://github.com/araea/koishi-plugin-toutai)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/koishi-plugin-toutai.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=fc8d62&logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/koishi-plugin-toutai)

## 简介

Koishi 的投胎模拟器插件。投胎到中国或世界各地。

## 使用

1. 启动 `puppeteer` 服务。
2. 设置指令别名。

## 致谢

* [ilHarp](https://forum.koishi.xyz/u/ilharp/summary)
* [Koishi](https://koishi.chat/)
* [求插件](https://forum.koishi.xyz/t/topic/7415)
* [中国投胎模拟器](https://toutai.cc/)
* [世界投胎模拟器](https://uahh.site/reborn)

## QQ 群

- 956758505

---

### License

_Licensed under either of [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE) or [MIT license](LICENSE-MIT) at your option._

_Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in this crate by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions._
